---
layout: post
title: "SX OS v3.0 coming soon"
date: 2018-12-09 16:25:06
description: SX OS v3.0 will include support for 6.2.0 and many new features.
tags: switch hack sxos 6.2.0 atmosphere xci nsp jailbreak
---

[Nintendo released Switch Software version 6.2.0](https://switchbrew.org/wiki/6.2.0) on November 20 and, with it, SX OS and other Customer Firmwares stopped working on consoles that updated to such version.

Apparently, [Nintendo changed the way the cryptographic keys were handled](https://twitter.com/hexkyz/status/1065307598633627648), using the TSEC processor, making the hacking of this new version much more difficult. However, five days later, SciresM (Atmosphère Custom Firmware developer) claimed that the already broke the new protection measures.
Some days after that, Atmosphère and ReiNX added support for such new version.

But, why do hackers break every new version system so easily? Well, this is because there is [a exploit](https://github.com/Cease-and-DeSwitch/fusee-launcher/blob/master/report/fusee_gelee.md), a design failure, at the CPU level, and that cannot be fixed until Nintendo releases a new version of the console (that they will surely do). So, if you now have a Switch, do not fear, as there will be never a time when your Switch cannot be hacked.

And, what about SX OS? They [communicated several times ](https://team-xecuter.com/community/) that a new update of SX OS, the v3.0.0, will be soon available with full Switch 6.2.0 support. But, why is it taking them so long? Remember that SX OS is the Custom Firmware that provides more features. It is the only one with Emunand, with cartridge XCI emulation, and with Hard-Drive support. Nintendo made many changes on the last version that require more work to this features to work, so it is normal that it takes longer than other custom firmwares.

Do not worry, as SX OS is coming surely next week, not only with 6.2.0 support, but with many new features.

Check this blog out frequently for new guides and updates!
